GameFOX is a Firefox extension with a diverse feature set that enhances the
[GameFAQs message boards](http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards).

### Install ### {#install}

<big><a class="install-button"
    href="/gfox/gamefox-0.8.7.xpi">GameFOX 0.8.7</a></big>
([changes](changes))

Released 2012 June 11. Works with Firefox 3.6 and later, SeaMonkey 2.1 and
later.

### About ### {#about}

GameFOX adds several new features, such as quick account switching and multiple
randomized signatures. Existing features are improved on, with a more powerful
quick post, faster quoting, very configurable highlighting, and many other
conveniences. Additionally, it provides tweaks such as a configurable date and
time format for international users.

See our [Firefox add-on
page](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/gamefox/) for screenshots.

### Documentation ### {#doc}

A [list of HTML elements generated by GameFOX](doc/css.php) is available, to
make writing stylesheets easier. It can also be used for Greasemonkey script
authors who want to hook into GameFOX. Note that these elements can (and often
do) change between versions without regard for backwards compatibility.

There is also [JavaScript reference documentation](doc/js/) for JavaScript
programmers who are interested in writing a patch for GameFOX. At this point,
the documentation is very incomplete, but more code will be documented as time
goes on.

### Development ### {#dev}

The current developer is Brian Marshall (Karamthulhu on GameFAQs).

Recent previous developers have been Andrianto Effendy (ZeroAnt) and Michael
Ryan (RockMFR 5). Before that, Toad King and ultimategamer00 (the original
author) had the reins. GameFOX is based off the work of these people.

GameFOX is licensed under the [GPL 2](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html).
For version control, [Git](http://git-scm.com/) is used. You can [browse the
repository](https://github.com/bmars/gamefox) or clone it locally:

    $ git clone git://github.com/bmars/gamefox.git

### Nightly snapshots ### {#nightly}

Nightly snapshots are builds of the latest development code automatically
generated every night. They can be used to test experimental features.

These versions receive minimal testing, so **things will probably be broken.**
Please report any problems you find on [Blood
Money](http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/565885-blood-money). It's likely that we
haven't noticed it yet!

To start using the nightlies, [install the XPI file here](/gfox/nightly/). It
is recommended that you stay up-to-date by using Firefox's add-on manager to
find updates for GameFOX. You can [revert to the stable releases](#install)
at any time.
