title: GameFOX

GameFOX is a Firefox extension with a diverse feature set that enhances the
[GameFAQs message boards](http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards).

### Install {#install}

<big><a class="install-button"
    href="https://beyondboredom.net/gamefox/download/gamefox-0.8.8.xpi"
    >GameFOX 0.8.8</a></big>
([changes](changes))

Released 2012 September 20. Works with Firefox 3.6 and later, SeaMonkey 2.1 and
later.

### About {#about}

GameFOX adds several new features, such as quick account switching and multiple
randomized signatures. Existing features are improved on, with a more powerful
quick post, faster quoting, very configurable highlighting, and many other
conveniences. Additionally, it provides tweaks such as a configurable date and
time format for international users.

See our [Firefox add-on
page](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/gamefox/) for screenshots.

### Documentation {#docs}

A [list of generated HTML
elements](https://github.com/bmars/gamefox/wiki/Generated-elements) is
available, to make writing stylesheets easier. It can also be used for
Greasemonkey script authors who want to hook into GameFOX. Note that these
elements can (and often do) change between versions without regard for
backwards compatibility.

There is also [JavaScript documentation](docs/js/) for JavaScript programmers
who are interested in writing a patch for GameFOX. At this point, the
documentation is very incomplete, but more code will be documented as time
goes on.

### Development {#dev}

The current developer is Brian Marshall (Karamthulhu on GameFAQs).

Recent previous developers have been Andrianto Effendy (ZeroAnt) and Michael
Ryan (RockMFR 5). Before that, Toad King and ultimategamer00 (the original
author) had the reins. GameFOX is based off the work of these people.

GameFOX is licensed under the [GPL 2](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html).
For version control, [Git](http://git-scm.com/) is used. You can [browse the
repository](https://github.com/bmars/gamefox) or clone it locally:

    $ git clone git://github.com/bmars/gamefox.git

### Snapshots {#snapshots}

Snapshots are versions of GameFOX created based on the latest development code.
They're updated automatically whenever that code has changed and are largely
untested, so it's not recommended you use them unless you need something that
hasn't made it to a release yet. [Install the XPI
here](https://beyondboredom.net/gamefox/download/snapshot/) to start. Please
[report any problems](https://github.com/bmars/gamefox/issues) (or on
[GameFAQs](http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/565885-blood-money)) to help them get
fixed.
